feat(components): [switch] add label attribute for accessibility (#14319)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/switch.md

| before-change                 | before-change hook before the switch state changes. If `false` is returned or a `Promise` is returned and then is rejected, will stop switching | ^[boolean] / ^[Function]`() => Promise<boolean>` | —       |
| id                            | id for input                                                                                                                                    | ^[string]                                        | —       |
| tabindex                      | tabindex for input                                                                                                                              | ^[string] / ^[number]                            | —       |

> | label ^(a11y)                 | same as `aria-label` in native input                                                                                                            | ^[string]                                        | Switch  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| label ^(2.4.0) ^(a11y)                 | same as `aria-label` in native input                                                                                                            | ^[string]                                        | —  |
```

| before-change                 | before-change hook before the switch state changes. If `false` is returned or a `Promise` is returned and then is rejected, will stop switching | ^[boolean] / ^[Function]`() => Promise<boolean>` | —       |
| id                            | id for input                                                                                                                                    | ^[string]                                        | —       |
| tabindex                      | tabindex for input                                                                                                                              | ^[string] / ^[number]                            | —       |

> | label ^(2.4.0) ^(a11y)        | same as `aria-label` in native input                                                                                                            | ^[string]                                        | —       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| label ^(2.4.1) ^(a11y)        | same as `aria-label` in native input                                                                                                            | ^[string]                                        | —       |
```

Sorry, 2.4.0 has already been released, we can only wait for the next release now
